replace keras example with a link. fix #599 (#600)
flexflow/FlexFlow: README.md

**More FlexFlow PyTorch examples**: see the [pytorch examples folder](https://github.com/flexflow/FlexFlow/tree/master/examples/python/pytorch).

> ## TensorFlow Keras Support

Reviewer: Let's merge this with the next sections. It's a bit odd to say that we have ONNX support twice :slightly_smiling_face:

Author: got it

> FlexFlow prioritizes PyTorch compatibility, but also includes frontends for [Tensorflow Keras](./docs/source/keras.rst) and [ONNX](...) models.

Reviewer 2: looks good! Can we just add the onnx link here as well? should be `./docs/source/onnx.rst`

Author: fixed

> Users can use FlexFlow to accelerate the training procedure of existing TensorFlow Keras models, please read the [Keras Support](https://flexflow.readthedocs.io/en/latest/keras.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FlexFlow prioritizes PyTorch compatibility, but also includes frontends for [Tensorflow Keras](https://flexflow.readthedocs.io/en/latest/keras.html) and [ONNX](...) models.
```

Reviewer: Also, @gabrieleoliaro correct me if I'm wrong here but shouldn't this be a local md link that RTD converts into a full url?

Reviewer 2: yes, basically, if you put the link to the corresponding `.md` file here, RTD will automatically convert that into an URL when building the docs :)

Author: the link should be a local file?

Reviewer: Yes, it should link to the corresponding md file in this repo (the RTD is automatically generated from the contents of this repo)
